Welcome to send me feedback in github or "@huandu":http://twitter.com/huandu on twitter.

h2. List of tools

* <code>remote</code>
* <code>colorize</code>
* <code>platform</code>

h3. The remote script runner: <code>remote</code>

If you usually run remote script with ssh or tools using ssh (e.g. pssh and onall), you will it's hard to stop remote script. It means, even if the ssh connection is down, the remote script will keep running until it exits normally.

This script is designed to resolve this issue. It's quite handy.

Basically, use it like 'nice'. Here is a sample.

<code>
ssh your-host 'remote tail -f your-log'
</code>

With the 'remote', you can safely stop this ssh connection any time.

h3. Simple command line output highlighter: <code>colorize</code>

Colorize is similar to grep with <code>--color</code> option, except that it's a bit more user-friendly. For people like me who don't want to remember XTerm color code, colorize can save you.

Here is how to use it.

<code>
tail -f your.log.file | colorize yellow '^FATAL:'
</code>

h3. Simple platform detection script: <code>platform</code>

Platform script is to detect and print platform information in bash.

Sample usage.

<code>platform</code>

Above command will print following information on MacOSX.

<code>
type:           darwin
kernal_version: 12.4.0
dist:           Darwin
dist_version:   12.4.0
</code>

And following output is the result on Ubuntu server.

<code>
type:           linux-gnu
kernal_version: 3.5.0-23-generic
dist:           Ubuntu
dist_version:   12.04
</code>
